---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Cup of Javascript
date: 2021-09-01
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Software Engineering
---

Javascript has been interesting to learn. I've had to learn java and C++ for some of my other classes so I'm familiar with the way you form arguments. The big problem I've been having is that I would get mixed up with the call commands between the different languages, like for instance, how you would designate variables. Other then that, Javascript seems to be more forgiving in terms of the structure of the argument, but that could just be my past trama talking. Over all, from what I have seen so far, Javascript seems to be a good language for software engineering.
  
  I found the practice WODs to be a useful way to apply what I've gone over in the module. I feel being able to think about and apply what we just read/watched really helps us retain the knowlage. I like this style of learning, just I felt overwelmed this passed week since this class required us to do so much. It wouldn't have been so bad if this was the only class I was taking. But since all my classes are online, each of my other classes expected me to also install different programs, join different websites, troubleshoot problems with each of these services. I still have yet to go through some of these websites to see what I can use them for. For example, I had a hard time with jfiddle, after writting my code, I would click run and the console would not show up. I found that I had right click and open the java tab in a new window for the console to show.   
  
  Even though the first week was a bit rocky for me, I'm still looking forward to this semsester and what I will learn from this class. 
