---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: A Good Type of Pain
date: 2021-09-23
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Software Engineering
  - Coding Standards
---

I've honestly never thought about coding standards untill recently. The first computer language I learned was C++. I was taught C++ on matlab from a professor who I was pretty sure didn't want to teach. The class was graded purely on four projects assigned throughout the semester. Most of what I leared ahout coding from that class was from google, so coding standards was not something I went out of my way to learn. Most of my time was spent trying to figure out what I needed to google to help with my project. This knowledge came with an unhealthy hatred for coding and a side order of panic attacks whenever I saw or heard about it. So again....coding standards was the last thing I gave a damn about. 

With all that being said, I have gotten over my initial PTSD of coding and learned to somewhat enjoy it. But still, coding standards were foriegn to me. It wasn't untill I got to ICS 314 that it was really highlighted. Looking back, I wish I had been introduced to these standards sooner. I feel that it creates a framework by which you can write your code, that framework I think would have really helped me learn coding. I feel that coding is sort of a way of thinking, a messy code represents a scattered way of thinking. By following that framework, it creates good habbits and a better understanding on what you are doing. It also makes the code a little less of an eyesore. These standards ensure a certain level of quality that makes the code legable to others. They make sense, just like all written languages, they need to follow certain grammer rules to remain legable. Why should coding be any different? 

ESLint helps to remind us of the coding standards.....regardless how annoying it is, it does serve a purpose. I've had some annoying problems with ESLint, but I appreciate the assistance it affords me. It allows me to type my code up without worrying/thinking about the standards, then I can go back after I'm done and make it presentable. It's painful, but its worthwhile.
