---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Semanticly Yours
date: 2021-09-02
labels:
  - Software Engineering
---

Last week we learned HTML and CSS. Eager to put to use the knowledge we amassed during our 72 courses on freecodecamp, when our tormentor tasked us with copying a web page, we attacked the WOD beleaving we had what it took to finish it. We were wrong. Apparently our tormentor gave us this task knowing full well that it's nearly impossible to create a good looking web page with basic HTML and CSS coding. So here we are on week 2 of Ui design, we have just finished learning about Semantic UI. Semantic UI is a step above HTML and CSS coding, Semantic has a lot of built in features that assist with the creation of web pages and web page design. It is an overall better experience than last week. One of our assginments was to choose and receate a webpage, (much like last week), but this time the web pages came out surprisingly well. They are far from perfect, but it is a nice step in the right direction. Compared to last week, I can see how usefull Semantic could be.

Even though Semantic is vastly better then basic HTML and CSS coding, it still has a lot of problems. I'm not sure if it was because I was unable to take the pluralsight courses but I still feel a bit lost when I code with Semantec. Some code will just not work for some reason, even if I wrote a whole new class, semantec seemed to just ignore it and go with it's built in default properties. An example would be the text color, sometimes it just refused to be blue. Again, I'm not sure if this was deu to my limited knowledge or it is an actual problem. 

With all the trouble I've had with Semantec, I sort of missed HTML. I felt I had a bit more control over what was going on. But Semantec offers way more power and options to design web pages, so I guess it's just something that I have to get used too. More automations, less control. But, I can definitely see the feasibility of this program. If anything, this makes me excited to see what we learn next, expecially since we've been told that react is far superior to semantec.
